feat(skills-next): add concept references (#261)
getsentry/sentry-for-ai: skills-next/references/concepts/session-replay.md

snapshots and events (rrweb — *not* a screen recording), so it's lightweight; on **mobile** it's a
view-hierarchy reconstruction plus periodic screenshots, with more aggressive default redaction.
Replays link to the errors, traces, and rage/dead clicks in the same session. It's a **frontend/mobile**
signal — there's nothing to replay on a backend.

## What a replay adds over a stack trace

A replay is the *user's path*, timestamp-synced to everything else in the session — the clicks,
navigations, network calls, and console output that led to the error, not just the frame where it threw.
That's the unlock for "can't reproduce." Two UX signals live here that never surface as exceptions: a
**dead click** (a click that produces no response within ~7s) and a **rage click** (the repeated-click
subset) — and these are promoted to their own **issues**, so a real UX problem can exist with no
exception behind it.

## Setup essentials

- **Two sample rates, asymmetric:** keep `replaysOnErrorSampleRate` **high** (often `1.0` — you want a
  replay for any session that errored) and `replaysSessionSampleRate` **low** (a few percent — capturing
  every healthy session is expensive).

> - **Privacy — the signal most likely to leak PII,** because it captures the actual UI. Defaults **mask

Author: ```suggestion
- **Privacy. Defaults **mask
```

  all text and block media** — start there; use mask/block selectors to redact sensitive fields before
  unmasking anything globally, and treat network request/response **body capture as opt-in** (a classic

>   secret leak). Mobile redacts more aggressively by default; still review sensitive screens.

Author: ```suggestion
  unmasking anything globally, and treat network request/response **body capture as opt-in**. Mobile redacts more aggressively by default; still review sensitive screens.
```
